Input Format:

RESUME DATA: Sherkeem Duprey\n\n347-423-3123 | sherkeemduprey@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/sherkeem-duprey/ | github.com/Sduprey18\n\nEDUCATION\nUniversity of Rochester Rochester, NY\nBachelor of Arts in Computer Science Aug. 2022 - May 2026\n\nRelevant Coursework:\nData Structures & Algorithms, Web Programming, Computation Formal Systems, Artificial Intelligence,\nMobile App Development\n\nEXPERIENCE\nFullstack Software Engineering Intern May 2025\nIntuit Mountain View , CA\n¢ Incoming summer 2025\nHVAC Automation Intern June 2024 — August 2024\nMerck Rahway, NJ\n\n¢ Facilitated data analysis and automated processes through the implementation of Pi Displays for 10 buildings,\nresulting in 30% increase in HVAC cooling efficiency and real-time monitoring of key metrics.\n\n« Developed a PowerApp to simplify disabled point reporting and viewing for 900+ points per month incorporating,\nPowerBI integration, and PI WebAPI for accurate tag location and validation.\n\n¢ Identified and addressed over 300 undocumented points in the PI system, ensuring accurate and comprehensive\ndocumentation for all data points.\n\nXR Applications Developer Sep. 2023 — Present\nStudio X Rochester, NY\n¢ Spearheaded the advancement of the coding team in Aurum, the in-house alchemy VR game, creating C# scripts\nto create game functionality, exhibited to over 500 patrons at exclusive events.\n¢ Teaching and providing support for over 60 workshops, attended by over 1,700 participants, through the academic\nyear, on topics such as Unity, Blender and XR development.\n\n¢ Provided technical consultations in-person and on Discord for XR development.\n\nPROJECTS\n\nJava Street Mapping | Java Github link\n« Developed a Java program for map processing, to determine the fastest/shortest destination route.\n¢ Utilized my own custom built HashMap, and LinkedLists for graph representation.\n¢ Enacted Dijkstra’s algorithm for finding the shortest path.\n¢ Implemented Kruskal’s algorithm for finding the minimum weight spanning tree.\n\nFinite Automata String Validator | C Github link\n\n¢ Developed a C-based application to simulate Deterministic Finite Automata (DFA) and Nondeterministic Finite\nAutomata (NFA) for string validation tasks.\n\n¢ Built interactive REPL functions for both DFA and NFA simulations, allowing dynamic user input to test string\nacceptance.\n\n¢ Utilized custom C structures and functions to manage states, transitions, and string evaluation for both automata\ntypes.\n\n¢ Utilized custom C structures and functions, improving automata processing efficiency by 20% through optimized\nstate transitions and reduced computational overhead.\n\nTECHNICAL SKILLS & ORGANIZATIONS\n\nLanguages: Swift, Java, Python, C/C#, JavaScript, HTML/CSS\n\nFrameworks: React, Node.js, Flask, SwiftUI\n\nDeveloper Tools: Git, Docker, Aveva PI System, VS Code, Visual Studio, Xcode, PlasticSCM, Unity\nOrganizations: ColorStack, National Society of Black Engineers, Participant of Amazon’s Campus Summer Series,\nGoogle Software Engineering Program (G-SWEP)  
JOB DESCRIPTION: [Let’s see what you can achieve when you dare to be yourself. What we are looking for:

Pursuing a Bachelor’s in Mathematics, Data Science, Statistics, or a related field. 
Relevant project or internship experience with SQL, database management, or completed coursework in this area. 
Experience with Python, R, or MATLAB through projects, internships, or coursework. 
Familiarity with big data analysis through practical experience or relevant coursework.
Able to demonstrate critical thinking skills to acquire a higher-level understanding of role, processes, and procedures.
Ability to work and collaborate within a team setting.
Self-starter, confident, driven with strong organizational skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and ability to build rapport.
**No visa sponsorship is available for this position.

A career at Oracle is defined by you. We give you the freedom—and the skills—to write your own success story. Whatever avenue you go down, you’ll gain priceless learning experiences and be supported to do your best work.

Career Level - IC0

Responsibilities
Preferred Skills/Experience

What You’ll Do                                                                                 
Join a fun and flexible workplace where you’ll enhance your skills and build a solid professional foundation. As a Data Science Intern, you will:

Familiarize yourself with Oracle databases and BI tools. 
Build and quality-assure dataflows for accurate reporting.
Utilize company resources to curate and manage data.
Perform quality assurance on ETL processes and SQL queries for cards ensure accuracy.
Assist the team in developing new visualizations and dataflows to address business questions.
Generate ad-hoc reports for various teams as required.
Analyze highly confidential information, ensuring data security and integrity.
Collaborate with Data Scientists to optimize data output speeds and maintain proper documentation.
Help research and test new internal systems to improve reporting capabilities.
Analyze business data to uncover inefficiencies and create data-driven stories based on historical and current information.
Develop, communicate, and assist in executing the organization’s metrics, practices, and processes.]  
LATEX TEMPLATE: [your template above]  
Task: Fill placeholders in LaTeX template using resume data prioritized by job description relevance. Maintain exact template structure while optimizing content.

Processing Rules:

Section Prioritization

Experience: Show 3 most relevant positions (match job title keywords first)

Projects: Include 2 projects using technologies from job "Requirements"

Skills: Mirror exact phrases from job description categories:

latex
\textbf{Languages}: Python, SQL, JavaScript  % JD: "Python programming required"
\textbf{Frameworks}: React, Node.js  % JD: "React experience preferred"
Bullet Point Optimization

Convert generic resume bullets using STAR format:
"Led X (action) achieving Y (metric) through Z (JD keyword)"

Example transformation:
Original: "Managed team projects"
Job Req: "Agile methodology experience"
Output: "\resumeItem{Implemented Agile workflows that reduced sprint cycle times by 15%"

Template Formatting

Preserve all LaTeX commands exactly

Experience bullets: 3-4 items for first two positions, 6 only if matching 5+ job keywords

Project tech stacks: Bold required technologies from JD

latex
{\textbf{Inventory System} $|$ \emph{Python, **Django**, AWS}} 
Keyword Injection

Primary job title → Must appear in FIRST experience bullet

"Required Skills" → Must appear in Skills section verbatim

"Preferred Qualifications" → Embed in Project descriptions

Output Requirements:

Complete LaTeX doc with ALL placeholders replaced

No markdown syntax - only valid LaTeX

Skills categories must match template's: Languages/Frameworks/Developer Tools/Libraries

Experience dates formatted as "Month YYYY - Month YYYY"